https://www.pololu.com/docs/0J44/5.2#:~:text=The%20Speed%20update%20period%20is%20the%20time%2C%20in,because%20the%20updates%20will%20be%20applied%20less%20often.

The Speed update period is the time, in milliseconds, between consecutive updates to the Current Speed. The default is 1 ms, which is the lowest allowed value. By increasing the Speed update period, you can decrease the effective rate of acceleration and deceleration because the updates will be applied less often. The slowest possible acceleration/deceleration can be achieved by setting the Speed update period to 100 ms and the acceleration/deceleration limit to 1; with this configuration it will take 320 seconds to accelerate from speed 0 to speed 3200 (100 %) or decelerate from speed 3200 to speed 0.

The Invert motor direction option lets you switch the meanings of forward and reverse. By default, Forward means the average voltage on OUTA is greater than the average voltage on OUTB (and reverse means the opposite). With the Invert motor direction option enabled, Forward means the average voltage on OUTA is less than the average voltage on OUTB.

The PWM frequency setting specifies the frequency of the rapidly-switching (PWM) signal used to control the speed of the motor. Several PWM Frequency options are available between 1.12 and 21.77 kHz. The default PWM frequency is 21.77 kHz. This is an ultrasonic frequency; it is too high for humans to hear, so you won’t hear the high-pitched whine from the motor that other motor controllers can cause. Using a lower PWM frequency will reduce switching losses and slightly increase the power output to the motor because the duty cycle (the percentage of the time that the H-bridge is powering the motor) can be closer to 100%. Note that a speed of 3200 is called 100 % but it does not correspond to a duty cycle of 100 %. The correspondence between maximum duty cycle and PWM frequency is shown in the table below.